DOC-734 Adds redpanda_common and redpanda inputs and outputs and redpanda config updates (#97)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/redpanda_common.adoc

```

=== `metadata`

Specify which (if any) metadata values are added to messages as headers.

*Type*: `object`

=== `metadata.include_prefixes`

Provide a list of explicit metadata key prefixes to match against.

*Type*: `array`

*Default*: `[]`

```yml
# Examples

include_prefixes:
  - foo_
  - bar_

include_prefixes:
  - kafka_

include_prefixes:
  - content-
```

=== `metadata.include_patterns`

Provide a list of explicit metadata key regular expression (re2) patterns to match against.

*Type*: `array`

*Default*: `[]`

```yml
# Examples

include_patterns:
  - .*

include_patterns:
  - _timestamp_unix$
```

=== `timestamp`

Set a timestamp for each message (optional). When left empty, the current timestamp is used. This field supports xref:configuration:interpolation.adoc#bloblang-queries[interpolation functions].

*Type*: `string`

```yml
# Examples

timestamp: ${! timestamp_unix() }

timestamp: ${! metadata("kafka_timestamp_unix") }
```

=== `max_in_flight`

The maximum number of messages to have in flight at a given time. Increase this number to improve throughput until performance plateaus.

*Type*: `int`

*Default*: `10`

=== `batching`

> Lets you configure a xref:configuration:batching.adoc[batching policy].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to configure a xref:configuration:batching.adoc[batching policy].
```

Author: Updated.

*Type*: `object`

```yml
# Examples

batching:
  byte_size: 5000
  count: 0
  period: 1s

batching:
  count: 10
  period: 1s

batching:
  check: this.contains("END BATCH")
  count: 0
  period: 1m
```

=== `batching.count`

The number of messages after which the batch is flushed. Set to `0` to disable count-based batching.

*Type*: `int`

*Default*: `0`

=== `batching.byte_size`

> The amount of bytes at which the batch is flushed. Set to `0` to disable size-based batching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of bytes at which the batch is flushed. Set to `0` to disable size-based batching.
```

Author: Updated.

= redpanda_common
// tag::single-source[]
:type: output
:page-beta: true
:categories: ["Services"]

component_type_dropdown::[]

Sends data to a Redpanda (Kafka) broker, using credentials from a common `redpanda` configuration block.

ifndef::env-cloud[]
Introduced in version 4.39.0.
endif::[]

> Use this connector in conjunction with the xref:components:inputs/redpanda_common.adoc[`redpanda_common` input], to read data from one or more topics on a Redpanda cluster, and then write the data to another topic on the same cluster.

Author: Is this accurate?

Reviewer 2: Addressed above

    metadata:
      include_prefixes: []
      include_patterns: []
    max_in_flight: 10
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
```

--
Advanced::
+
--

```yml
# All configuration fields, showing default values
output:
  label: ""
  redpanda_common:
    topic: "" # No default (required)
    key: "" # No default (optional)
    partition: ${! meta("partition") } # No default (optional)
    metadata:
      include_prefixes: []
      include_patterns: []
    timestamp: ${! timestamp_unix() } # No default (optional)
    max_in_flight: 10
    batching:
      count: 0
      byte_size: 0
      period: ""
      check: ""
      processors: [] # No default (optional)
```

--
======

== Pipeline example

This data pipeline reads data from `topic_A` on a Redpanda cluster, transforms the data, and then writes it to `topic_B` on the same cluster. The cluster details are configured within the `redpanda` configuration block, so you only need to configure them once. This is a useful feature when you have multiple inputs and outputs in the same data pipeline that need to connect to the same cluster.

> ```

Author: The idea is to reuse the same example as in the `redpanda_common` input....
